Change ownerTypeName from Company to Corporate (#1751)
MicrosoftDocs/IntuneDocs: intune/reports-ref-devices.md

|---------|------------|--------|
| ownerTypeID |Unique identifier of the owner type. | |
| ownerTypeKey |Unique identifier of the owner type in the data warehouse - surrogate key. | |
| ownerTypeName |Represents the owner type of the devices:  <br>Corporate - device is enterprise owned. <br>Personal - device is personally owned (BYOD).  <br>Unknown - no information on this device. |Corporate Personal Unknown |

> [!Note]  

> > For the ownerTypeName in AzureAD when creating Dynamic Groups for devices you need to set the filter value deviceOwnership as "Company". Refer to [Rules for devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-dynamic-membership#rules-for-devices) for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For the `ownerTypeName` in AzureAD when creating Dynamic Groups for devices, you need to set the filter value `deviceOwnership` as `Company`. For more information, see [Rules for devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-dynamic-membership#rules-for-devices). 
```
